the Chico basin wrench
[Music]
you
our experience here revolves around
education people wanting to learn about
horsemanship skills learning about the
ecosystem the business aspects of
ranching the day-to-day maintenance and
upkeep that it takes the wildlife on the
ranch is very wide because it was green
you have the stream that goes the whole
length there's a lot of grass a lot of
tree from the water so a lot of deer and
antelope and coyotes and Badgers and all
the Prairie animals are real healthy
because there's such a diverse ecosystem
on the ranches 87,000 acres in its
rolling prairie with streams our country
compared to the rest of the world was a
brand-new country and so we have very
few traditions and ranching is one of
the few traditions that our country has
so what we're interested in is
reconnecting with part of our national
heritage
one of the great traditions our country
has
[Music]
you